Interactivity API docs: Add wp-async directives doc (#62663)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/reference-guides/interactivity-api/api-reference.md

The callback passed as the reference receives [the event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Event) (`event`), and the returned value by this callback is ignored.

### `wp-on-async`

This directive is a more performant approach of `wp-on`. The action will be yielded to the main thread to not block it, allowing other interactions that otherwise would be waiting on the main thread

> to run sooner. Use this directive for any `wp-on` that doesn't need the `event` object (`event.preventDefault()`, `event.stopPropagation()`, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to run sooner. Use this directive for any `wp-on` that doesn't need synchronous access to the `event` object, in particular the methods `event.preventDefault()`, `event.stopPropagation()`, and `event.stopImmediatePropagation()`.
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/62663/commits/e3b049796f2ef52635168d775e967d2cd7cb338f

The callback passed as the reference receives [the event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Event) (`event`), and the returned value by this callback is ignored. When the element is removed from the DOM, the event listener is also removed.

### `wp-on-window-async`

> Similar to `wp-on-async`. An optimized version of `wp-on-window` that prevents blocking the main thread on long tasks. Use this directive for any `wp-on-window` that doesn't need the `event` object (`event.preventDefault()`, `event.stopPropagation()`, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to `wp-on-async`. An optimized version of `wp-on-window` that prevents blocking the main thread on long tasks. Use this directive for any `wp-on` that doesn't need synchronous access to the `event` object, in particular the methods `event.preventDefault()`, `event.stopPropagation()`, and `event.stopImmediatePropagation()`. This event listener is also added as `passive`.
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/62663/commits/e3b049796f2ef52635168d775e967d2cd7cb338f

The callback passed as the reference receives [the event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Event) (`event`), and the returned value by this callback is ignored. When the element is removed from the DOM, the event listener is also removed.

### `wp-on-document-async`

> Similar to `wp-on-async`. An optimized version of `wp-on-document` that prevents blocking the main thread on long tasks. Use this directive for any `wp-on-document` that doesn't need the `event` object (`event.preventDefault()`, `event.stopPropagation()`, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to `wp-on-async`. An optimized version of `wp-on-document` that prevents blocking the main thread on long tasks. Use this directive for any `wp-on` that doesn't need synchronous access to the `event` object, in particular the methods `event.preventDefault()`, `event.stopPropagation()`, and `event.stopImmediatePropagation()`. This event listener is also added as `passive`.
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/62663/commits/e3b049796f2ef52635168d775e967d2cd7cb338f
